fusion vs docs (#8814)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/commands/cmd-docs.md

`dbt docs` has two supported subcommands: `generate` and `serve`.

:::tip <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> users

> When using the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, documentation metadata is written using the `--write-catalog` flag during `dbt build`, instead of running `dbt docs generate`. For details, refer to [Supported features](/docs/fusion/supported-features).

Reviewer: hey @nataliefiann , what is the intention of this callout for core versions? currently, the callout makes it sound like dbt build automatically writes docs metadata (catalog,json), but in practice this only happens when --write-catalog is explicitly included. 

unless dbt build does this ? but if it does, we need to update the https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/artifacts/catalog-json?version=2.0 doc bc it currently says it's only produced (created) by the --write-catalog flag. 

It might help to clarify that the flag is required (e.g. dbt build --write-catalog).

> When using the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, documentation metadata is written using the `--write-catalog` flag during `dbt build`, instead of running `dbt docs generate`. For details, refer to [Supported features](/docs/fusion/supported-features).

Author: ```suggestion
With the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, generate docs metadata by running `dbtf build --write-catalog`. Metadata is not generated by default with `dbtf build` alone. If you use <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, you can browse that metadata in [<Constant name="catalog" />](/docs/explore/build-and-view-your-docs).
```

### dbt docs generate

> The <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> uses the `--write-catalog` flag instead of the `dbt docs generate` command for generating your [`catalog.json`](/reference/artifacts/catalog-json) file and hydrating metadata. This flag is fully Fusion native and significantly more performant.

Reviewer: i agree we should mention fusion here for users that are core engine versions but do we think it belongs here or in the intro? and do we think it should have this level of detail? i wonder if it's repetitive with the content in the fusion version. e..g 'dbt docs has two supported subcommands: generate and serve. The dbt Fusion engine uses the performant --write-catalog flag instead of the dbt docs generate command for generating your [catalog.json](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/artifacts/catalog-json) file and hydrating metadata. To read more on this, update the docs version in the navigation...etc.' or whatever sounds best.

> The command is responsible for generating your project's documentation website by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command is responsible for generating your project's documentation website by:
```

<VersionBlock firstVersion="2.0">

:::tip Viewing docs with the <Constant name="fusion_engine" />

> With <Constant name="fusion" />, you explore your project documentation in [<Constant name="catalog" />](/docs/explore/build-and-view-your-docs) rather than running `dbt docs generate` and `dbt docs serve`. Run `dbt build` (optionally with the [`--write-catalog`](/reference/commands/cmd-docs?version=2.0#--write-catalog-flag) flag to hydrate metadata), then open <Constant name="catalog" /> to browse your project and docs.

Reviewer: do we think a callout is duplicative to the rest of the page? also who is the callout for? local users or dbt platform users? it seems like we're saying users can optionally use the flag but in [Matt's updates](https://docs-getdbt-com-git-nfiann-docs-dbt-labs.vercel.app/reference/commands/cmd-docs?version=2.0#local-usage), it says users need to add the flag to generate.

i wonder if just explicitly mentioning that users can use catalog to browse in the intro is sufficient.

<VersionBlock firstVersion="2.0">

> With <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, use [<Constant name="catalog" />](/docs/explore/build-and-view-your-docs) to browse project documentation instead of `dbt docs generate` and `dbt docs serve`.

Reviewer: hey @nataliefiann , thanks for this. this part is also a little confusing to me — dbt docs generate/serve aren’t really “browsing” tools, and not all users have access to catalog. it might be worth clarifying platform vs local workflows and positioning catalog as the ui, rather than a replacement for those commands.

> With <Constant name="fusion_engine" />, use [<Constant name="catalog" />](/docs/explore/build-and-view-your-docs) to browse project documentation instead of `dbt docs generate` and `dbt docs serve`.

Author: ```suggestion
In <Constant name="fusion" /> workflows, `dbt docs generate` and `dbt docs serve` are not the primary path for viewing docs. Generate metadata with `dbtf build --write-catalog`, and in <Constant name="dbt_platform" />, view it in [<Constant name="catalog" />](/docs/explore/build-and-view-your-docs).
```
